thank you for being you good to see you
so good to see you so tell me about your
2012 before we go into what a worthy one
just kind of total more than else you
yeah just the usual chaos of family life
and raising two children trying to bring
them two more from Haiti yeah just
shooting some teaching some speaking
trying to build an iphone app trying to
do a lot of personal work because that's
what's most fun and creatively
fulfilling and yep just juggling at all
that's awesome and you're bringing home
two babies when did it go home we still
have no idea serious for all we know it
could be tomorrow like they could call
or give in two years it's that what
about yeah what of a range well
everything that you've done in 2012 we
were so blessed to be a part of you
2,000
for just a little bit to your home phone
I kind of see what happens at the care
home and I think your family's amazing
school so it's cool to see you just a
personal but what was very interesting
to us is a lot of people pub the frame
rewards a lot of people really push
different things and really trying to
push votes but you didn't do it at all
you know what was fascinating to me was
to see all the votes coming for you for
multiple categories everything from most
influential to best commercial to best
portrait to almost the best online
resource your name came up there so we
just wanted to take this opportunity to
honor you tonight
and this small confined style of FGM
but if I can be the you know formalities
here on behalf of frames yeah the meth
network on behalf of white house we
would love to reward you with what is
known to be the biggest word network and
it's the big effort here and that's
basically all encompassing and it's
everything that you have done with help
portrait and everything that you done
with your app and everything else that
you've been up to your a true
inspiration to every one of us here well
that too sounds a lot your first year
I'm excited about that for you our first
year and someone had made this for you
specifically so what's next tell me
what's next for you yeah i'm in a
interesting season of transition like as
we said developing this iphone app that
i think will will be fun for the photo
world adopting kids and trying to really
pursue a lot of personal work figuring
that out mixed-media collage stuff
painting i'm a fine artist at heart so
I'm trying to rediscover that fine
artist it's buried under the commercial
yeah I have a book coming out next week
little keep forgetting about me coach
doing the work that I drove no it's not
it's not really well that's fear headed
it's not a book good a road it's a book
called what your mark and it's asking
people like what your mark on this world
what are you saying with your life's
legacy and it's a photo shoots and
interviews of about 30 people from
around the world who have made their
mark and so we're asking that question
like we get I got the shoot go to mark
burnett's house the who created the show
the Bible and survivor and the voice and
anyway so he's in the book and it's just
it's a really interesting boat so anyway
yeah like comes out next week and yes
Joe Glen juggling a lot but how are you
exhausted no cuz it all sounds a lot
more busy than reality and I'm at home
with my kids and bleeding it a good
healthy normal life so I'm not traveling
too much which is bad design I want to
be home so yeah that's good well good
place I think you're pretty cool and not
just that I think you'll to me you're
even cooler now that I know that you
play well involved no
we're so on the same thing oh I saw like
right when I knew that no I just think
you're really cool counting down the
days till my daughter can play in junior
high volleyball uh-huh what if she wants
to be a cheerleader she is not gonna
have a choice well awesome well thank
you so much for me yeah I'm modernizes I
consider you a friend and I think the
year just fantastic about what you did
for the industry means a lot to me yeah
I'm very very very honored thank y'all
for those stinking remain absolutely hey
Jeremy
my name is Anne with hunger and I'm a
metal sculptor I build everything from
jewelry to trophies to monumental scale
public art someone from the frame
network contacted me about doing custom
trophies for the upcoming fo words and I
said yeah of course I'd love to make
something really cool for you guys well
yeah we did start out with the idea of
the camera lenses and antique parts and
stuff like that but when the numbers
kept climbing it became pretty clear
that we couldn't do that I was going to
be way too time-consuming so basically I
wanted to create something that looked
really cool but that we could cut from
one single piece so I like the idea of
actually making a frame for the framed
Awards well it started with a messy
sketch of mine and I gave it to my
director and he put the design into the
computer then we take that to a
fabrication shop and they actually cut
the flat pieces by a computer aided
plasma cutter and then they stick it in
a machine that makes the bend it's
really quick and easy and then they give
him back to me and I get to do all the
cleanup work and the polish and the
plaques on when when I got into the
metalwork I already had a small business
for full finishing and
that's when I big day for him and I made
the leap over into sculpture and not I
wanted to kind of start over so i wanted
i wanted a new name I'm kind of a new
brands i guess to start with and it
probably took me a year of thinking
about it and mulling it over and what
not to come up with the right name and
the refinery thing basically comes from
the thought of oil refineries factories
industrial scale manufacturing stuff
like that for some reason those sorts of
buildings silhouettes that they really
appeal to me and I also like the idea
that you know I'm taking things and
maybe they're things from the scrap yard
or things that somebody else throw away
and I put a new well I we find them into
something else when the frame network
approached me to make custom Awards I
was really really excited and I wanted
to create something really really
special that reflects the creativity and
the individuality of the photographers
that will be taking these awards home
and and I think we accomplished that I'm
really excited about what we came up
with
and I hope they'll be excited to take
them home